README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="icon.png" width="128" alt="TrueMoji Icon" />
  <h1>TrueMoji</h1>

  [![Add to Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Add_to_Chrome-Available_Now-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/truemoji/elcfpmpgobljibnhecmkmpgdmljdfbbg)
</div>

Tired of boring default browser emojis? Or seeing empty squares where flags should be? **TrueMoji is the solution.**

TrueMoji replaces native system emojis with beautiful, high-quality image sets like Apple (iOS), Google, Twitter, and more. Enjoy a consistent, vibrant, and fully expressive emoji experience on every website you visit.

## See the Difference
| Before (Default System) | After (TrueMoji - Apple Style) |
|:-----------------------:|:------------------------------:|
| <img src="screenshots/flags-before.png" width="100%" /> | <img src="screenshots/flags-after.png" width="100%" /> |

## Features
- **Multiple Emoji Sets**: Choose between Apple, Google, Twitter, Facebook, OpenMoji, and Fluent Design.
- **Strict Mode**: Force use of selected set only.
- **Auto Reload**: Automatically refresh pages when settings change.
- **Bilingual**: Fully localized in English and Arabic.
- **Preview**: Test emoji rendering directly in the options page.

## Screenshots

### Quick Settings
![Quick Settings](screenshots/app_en.png)

### Options Page
![Options Page](screenshots/Options_en.png)

## Installation
1. Go to the [Chrome Web Store page](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/truemoji/elcfpmpgobljibnhecmkmpgdmljdfbbg).
2. Click **Add to Chrome**.
3. Confirm by clicking **Add extension**.
4. Enjoy beautiful emojis everywhere!

## Support
If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please open an issue on GitHub:
[Report an Issue](https://github.com/voidksa/TrueMoji/issues)

## Privacy
For information on how we handle your data, please review our [Privacy Policy](PRIVACY.md).

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
You are free to fork and improve this project, but you must provide appropriate credit to the original author (**voidksa**) and link back to the original repository [voidksa/TrueMoji](https://github.com/voidksa/TrueMoji).

Commit message:

feat: add per-site customization and new features
- Implement per-site emoji set customization and domain exclusion
- Add keyboard shortcut, emoji size control, and hover preview
- Introduce dark mode support and improved UI localization
- Update manifest version and description
- Add new screenshots for updated features

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="icon.png" width="128" alt="TrueMoji Icon" />
  <h1>TrueMoji</h1>

  [![Add to Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Add_to_Chrome-Available_Now-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/truemoji/elcfpmpgobljibnhecmkmpgdmljdfbbg)
</div>

Tired of boring default browser emojis? Or seeing empty squares where flags should be? **TrueMoji is the solution.**

TrueMoji replaces native system emojis with beautiful, high-quality image sets like Apple (iOS), Google, Twitter, and more. Enjoy a consistent, vibrant, and fully expressive emoji experience on every website you visit.

## See the Difference
| Before (Default System) | After (TrueMoji - Apple Style) |
|:-----------------------:|:------------------------------:|
| <img src="screenshots/flags-before.png" width="100%" /> | <img src="screenshots/flags-after.png" width="100%" /> |

## Features
- **Multiple Emoji Sets**: Choose between Apple, Google, Twitter, Facebook, OpenMoji, and Fluent Design.
- **Per-Site Customization**: Assign different emoji sets to specific websites (e.g., Twitter emojis on Twitter, Apple emojis elsewhere).
- **Excluded Domains**: Disable TrueMoji completely on specific websites.
- **Keyboard Shortcut**: Toggle the extension on/off instantly with a customizable shortcut.
- **Show Original on Hover**: Hover over any emoji to see the original native character.
- **Emoji Size Control**: Adjust the size of emojis from 1.0x to 1.5x.
- **Strict Mode**: Force use of selected set only.
- **Auto Reload**: Automatically refresh pages when settings change.
- **Bilingual**: Fully localized in English and Arabic.
- **Dark Mode**: Settings interface adapts to your system theme.

## Screenshots

### Quick Settings
![Quick Settings](screenshots/app_en.png)

### Options Page
![Options Page](screenshots/Options_en.png)

## Installation
1. Go to the [Chrome Web Store page](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/truemoji/elcfpmpgobljibnhecmkmpgdmljdfbbg).
2. Click **Add to Chrome**.
3. Confirm by clicking **Add extension**.
4. Enjoy beautiful emojis everywhere!

## Support
If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please open an issue on GitHub:
[Report an Issue](https://github.com/voidksa/TrueMoji/issues)

## Privacy
For information on how we handle your data, please review our [Privacy Policy](PRIVACY.md).

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
You are free to fork and improve this project, but you must provide appropriate credit to the original author (**voidksa**) and link back to the original repository [voidksa/TrueMoji](https://github.com/voidksa/TrueMoji).
